# Design

Outline...

 * The curse of time and attention.
 * Inhabiting the cracks in convention.

Cadence has become an unpleasant challenge. Curious that one would pursue a
project in their own time that is not a pleasant project, but 

Merlin Mann writes about time and attention and creative work. His thesis is
that if you give your time and attention to any endeavour, you are rewarded with
insights into your endeavour. Give it your time and attention and it will give
you direction. Take the direction.

There is a corallary, that when you're compelled to give your time and attention
to an aspect of your endeavour that is not at the heart of your endeavour, those
insights still come, they hound you with direction, until you finally succumb to
the hounding and set out to codify your insights in code.

This is why there are so many unit test frameworks. It is the programmer's
prayer: This is my unit testing framework. There are many like it, but this one
is mine.

A JavaScript developer is going to spend a lot of time considering the control
flow given the prevelance of callbacks in JavaScript programming. I am such a
JavaScript developer. The more I work with JavaScript, the more I think about
how to work with copious callbacks, the more I want to codify those thoughts in
a library that does what I feel the exsiting libraies don't.

Oddly, I was very happy using language extensions to make callbacks go away, but
libraries that are not pure JavaScript suffer for adoption in Node.js.

Which is why Cadence is a curse of insight. It's not that I'm confident that I
have a better solution than those that exist. There appears to be room for
improvement, but that could simply be an assumption that comes from frustration,
one that could be entirely ungrounded. If there is room for improvement, I'm not
confident that I'll find that room or know what to do once I'm in it.

I've given control flow enough time and attention now, especially in navigating
the many tiny evented steps in [Strata](https://github.com/bigeasy/strata), that
I'd like to have a place to explore the insights. That would be this project.
